so she can welcome you warmly
to the last hacker pschorr fantalk im
football year 2014 after the home game
against Kaiserslautern here in the sixties
club with me is martina martina long
led against the fifth table against
you also have to draw first
plays what outweighs the graphic like
is the mood in the cabin or
you are happy about the point gained
yes, I think that pretty much
are disappointed when you are so close to the
end nor the compensatory get it
of course very bitter and Swiss
Everybody wanted to go everything
but the women did have that
agree a point because us in the
situation you can every point satisfied
his
anyway with the current situation in
five times at home in a row
lost
it's probably too difficult
to come out of this valley today
one point is that one point for
Confidence does not look that way
rise and as I believe is always
have shown quite a decent performance
And you can be satisfied
it does have seen every stone
fought from the first minute you all have
really very good game
then comes the goal then comes the
compensation was a similar situation
like the kmu against the ksc
you had fast meat cattle meat
against the circle against them
I do not think so
Of course, I can not do anything about it now
say because I played no castings
but I do not believe that one
After all, there is room to think about it
If you focus only on the current one
situation and tries to give everything
yes if it was again tight and smoke
a little exciting there was mine
name is still a part of in
Leipzig takes something from tonight
to the last game 2014
I think I fought a lot together
in solidarity and I think that's good
is and you can build on that and
if you want to play the next game
I'm sure you can do more
functions will be
We hope so too and finally
now the le matin
the lion fans before the party here in the
60s print the result that today
finally some more right
Maybe you're reading the winners florian
rehearse florian probst
That's exactly the right plotha
how old are you or florian
I congratulate you, you have yours
Weekend from the vag wants a beetle
save convertible
but I'm sure there in principle as
come with applause so aim
maybe half playstation against
weekend florian cordial
Congratulations and thank you that was the
Hammer window last this year
stay healthy i wish them and
their families a contemplative
Christmas a leisure a good one
slip into the new monster versus scene too
a hopefully better year for the
lions
february when it's early february again
Let's go against Heidenheim is everything
good wait can